<ui:composition
    template="/WEB-INF/templates/masterTemplate.xhtml"
    xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">
    <meta name="author" content="Pierre Azelart" />

    <ui:define name="css">
        <h:outputStylesheet name="help_page.css" library="css"/>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="WindowTitle">
        Help
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="page-content"> 
        <div class="help-title">
            <h1>Lost? Here is how the site works</h1>
        </div>
        <div class="container content">
            <div class="row subtitle-row"><h2>Navigation guide</h2></div>
            <div class="pos-cont">
                <div class="txt-content">
                    <!--Will be in bundle-->
                    The menu bar, at the top of the page, is made to make navigation easier!
                    Click on our logo to go back to the main page, or on browse to take a look at our music library.
                    If you are looking for a specific item, the search bar will help you find it quicker. Type a keyword, and make sure you choose the right type for your search!
                </div>
            </div>
            
            <div class="row subtitle-row"><h2>Browsing</h2></div>
            <div class="pos-cont">
                <div class="txt-content">
                    <!--Will be in bundle-->  
                    You can use the browse pages to browse through every artists or albums, genres, or just take a look at what is trending.
                    Browsing is accessible from the main page.
                </div>
            </div>

            <div class="row subtitle-row"><h2>Buying guide</h2></div>
            <div class="pos-cont">
                <div class="txt-content">
                    <!--Will be in bundle-->
                    To access the core features of our website, you will need to create an account via our registration page, that you can access directly from the menu bar.
                    You will see a cart icon next to songs and albums. Click on it to add them to your shopping cart!
                    Once logged in, you will be able to buy the articles stored in your shopping cart.
                    
                </div>
            </div>
            <div class="row subtitle-row"><h2>Downloading content</h2></div>
            <div class="pos-cont">
                <div class="txt-content">
                    <!--Will be in bundle-->  
                    Once you bought a song, you can find it in the download section. You will be able to download it any time ! 
                    You only need to log on with the account you used to buy the song.
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        <hr/>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>

